The jury did not elaborate, but it added that there should be periodic surveillance of the pricing practices of the concessionaires for the purpose of keeping the prices reasonable.
The petition said that the couple has not lived together as man and wife for more than a year.
He will be succeeded by Ivan Allen Jr., who became a candidate in the Sept. 13 primary after Mayor Hartsfield announced that he would not run for reelection.
The Highway Department source told The Constitution, however, that Vandiver has not been consulted yet about the plans to issue the new rural roads bonds.
While emphasizing that technical details were not fully worked out, Pelham said his resolution would seek to set aside the privilege resolution which the House voted through 87-31.
The campaign leading to the election was not so quiet, however.
The escheat law cannot be enforced now because it is almost impossible to locate such property, Daniel declared.
He also complained that not enough notice was given on the hearing, since the bill was introduced only last Monday.
Statements by other legislators that Dallas is paying for all its water program by local bonds, and that less populous places would benefit most by the pending bill, did not sway Cotten's attack.
A person with a master's degree in physics, chemistry, math or English, yet who has not taken Education courses, is not permitted to teach in the public schools, said Grover.
College teachers in Texas are not required to have the Education courses.
Issue jury subpoenas Wexler admitted in earlier court hearings that he issued grand jury subpenas to about 200 persons involved in the election investigation, questioned the individuals in the Criminal courts building, but did not take them before the grand jury.
Wouldn't pay doctors the plan does not cover doctor bills.
The President said the nation's 92 medical and 47 dental schools cannot now handle the student load needed to meet the rising need for health care.
Moreover, he said, many qualified young people are not going into medicine and dentistry because they can't afford the schooling costs.
He did not say by how much.
Senate Republican Leader Dirksen ( Ill. ) and House Republican Leader Charles Halleck ( Ind. ) said the message did not persuade them to change their opposition to compulsory medical insurance.
This atmosphere of understanding has been particularly noticeable where relations are concerned between the colonialist powers and those who have never, or not for a long time, had such problems.
On the negative side of the balance sheet must be set some disappointment that the United States leadership has not been as much in evidence as hoped for.
But he hastened to add that, if United States policies were not always clear, despite Mr. Rusk's analysis of the various global danger points and setbacks for the West, this may merely mean the new administration has not yet firmly fixed its policy.
But where the core of *j is concerned, the Secretary of State has not only reiterated the United States' profound attachment to the alliance, cornerstone of its foreign policy, but has announced that five nuclear submarines will eventually be at *j disposal in European waters.
The Secretary of State has also solemnly repeated a warning to the Soviet Union that the United States will not stand for another setback in Berlin, an affirmation once again taken up by the council as a whole.
The United States hopes that any future Lao Cabinet would not become Communist dominated.
Its spokesmen insist that there has not been time enough to institute reforms in military and economic aid policies in the critical areas.
*j G*o*p restrained it does not take a Gallup poll to find out that most Republicans in Congress feel this understates the situation as Republicans see it.
But he did recommend that President Kennedy state clearly that if Communist countries shipped any further arms to Cuba that it would not be tolerated.
There certainly was not any more energy displayed after it was clear the United States would not back the pro-*western government to the hilt.
He is not interested in being named a full-time director.
Mr. Hawksley said he was not critical of city residents for not knowing what to do or where to assemble in case of an air attack.
The council advised the governor that large supermarkets, factory outlets and department stores not be allowed to do business on Sunday.
They operate on a volume basis, it was contended, and are not essential to provide the more limited but vital shopping needs of the community.
Indicating the way in which he has turned his back on his 1910 philosophy, Mr. Reama said : a Socialist is a person who believes in dividing everything he does not own.
He said he would not be surprised if some of the more than 30 members of the group are interested in running on the required non-partisan ballot for posts on the charter commission.
Mitchell was for using it, Jones against, and Sen. Wayne Dumont Jr. *j did not mention it when the three Republican gubernatorial candidates spoke at staggered intervals before 100 persons at the Park Hotel.
Now he's gone, the Republican Party is not going to be able to sell the tattered remains to the people of the state.
Mitchell said the closeness of the outcome in last fall's Presidential election did not mean that Eisenhower Republicanism was a dead issue.
He is wrong to inject Eisenhower into this campaign, he said, because the primary is being waged on state issues and I will not be forced into re-arguing an old national campaign.
The audience last night did not respond with either applause or boos to mention of Hughes' remark.
Noting that Plainfield last year had lost the Mack Truck Co. plant, he said industry will not come into this state until there is tax reform.
But I am not in favor of a sales or state income tax at this time, Mitchell said.
It is a desperate effort to prop up a sagging candidate who has proven he cannot answer any questions about New Jersey's problems.
He said you're the kind of governor we're glad we, we Democrats must resolve our issues on the test of what is right and just, and not what is expedient at the time.
We'll not talk out of one side of our mouth in Morris County and out of the other side in Hudson.
Each ally will have to carry out obligations long since laid down, but never completely fulfilled.
But the Communists never gave sufficient provocation at any one time for the United States to want to risk a limited or an all-out war over Laos.
The pro-*western government, which the United States had helped in a revolt against the Souvanna Phouma neutralist government, never did appear to spark much fighting spirit in the Royal Lao Army.
I didn't smell a drop of liquor, and we didn't have a bit of trouble.
There wasn't a bit of trouble.
Opponents generally argued that the ballot couldn't give enough information about tax proposals for the voters to make an intelligent choice.
One Republican senator told this correspondent that he was constantly being asked why he didn't attack the Kennedy administration on this score.
He calls for help while saying he is against centralization, but you can't have it both ways, Jones said.
